So, Okay.
favorite food?
Sushi!... Sashimi!
Which one do you like?
Alas...
Salmon.
Um... I like...
Ashi. Like, I don't know what it's called in English.
The ones you eat with fat... ponzu.
Like not shoyu, like shikari mono de.
Yeah, those are my favorite. Yeah.
No, not my favorite food, but it's favorite sushi, yeah.
I don't even know what my favorite food is.
to be honest yeah because i like
I don't like the same food all the time.
so it depends on my mood
but overall, I like Japanese food. So, like as
a category, I like Japanese food. Yeah...
Sushi...
Oh.
Oh... Oh, more fish.
And what's your favorite sashimi?
Yellowtail? Yellowtail. Oh...
Oh, do you so do you like toro?
Chutoro, Okay.
Do you like the oily fish too?
Yeah. I- I like
Nis um... less oil
one. Yeah. Yeah... Yeah.
Yeah.
I like it with the ginger and that.
ginger and green onions?
Yeah, it's just like...
conscious your palate.
Those side of Japanese food, oh my goodness
That's hard.
Yeah.
I don't know... I- I like korean
food but I can't have it all the time because I feel like it's the same flavor
like every single thing is... or I
Am I ordering wrong, but I feel like everything...
It's kimchi flavor...
And what...
and like I sun
dubu the soup. Is that red?
red pepper and kimchi's red pepper even the sweet
Vinaigrette McDonald's.
cucumber it's still like red pepper like everything seems so red pepper to me
Yeah, so...
Yeah. Yeah...
I only eat...
Not too spicy...
Oh...
Are you okay with spicy... food or... you're getting better?
Wow.
Yeah.
Oh, soup.
I would say Asian food, Chi- Chinese food.
I like the...
fact that there's a lot of vegetables like they have meat
And vegetable. Yeah, or I
Asian food overall, it's not...
Like, Yeah like... I love like the fact that Asian food has a lot of vegetables then
I love my meat but I want
My fibers, too.
Yeah.
How about non-Asian food? What do you like?
Mexican...
Chimichanga!
mmh
Patricia.
Yeah.